Added new documentation about verifying container image signatures. (#31906)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/container_security/security-container-signature.adoc

[id="security-container-signature"]
= Container image signatures

> Red Hat delivers signatures for the images in the Red Hat Container Registries. Those signatures can be automatically verified when being pulled to OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) 4 clusters using Machine Config.

Reviewer: s/OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) 4/{product-title} 4

You can include "4" (the version) in the first reference, but you don't have to include it in subsequent references. :) 

For all references to OCP:
s/OCP/{product-title}

For Machine Config, if it is the Machine Config Oprerator:
s/Machine Config/Machine Config Operator (MCO)

And if you'd like (totally optional), you can add an additional resources link to the MCO docs.

> Most of the images that comprise OCP 4 are shipped from quay.io, and only the release image is signed. Release images refer to the approved OCP 4 images, offering a degree of protection against supply chain attacks. However, some extensions to OCP 4 such as logging, monitoring, and service mesh are shipped as operators from the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM). Those images ship from the Red Hat Container Registry (registry.redhat.io).

Reviewer: s/comprise/compose

Suggested edits for Quay.io:
s/quay.io/link:https://quay.io/[Quay.io]

or 

s/quay.io/Quay.io

s/operators/Operators

Note: we always capitalize Operators

s/Red Hat Container Registry (registry.redhat.io)/link:https://catalog.redhat.com/software/containers/explore[Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog Container images] registry

or

s/Red Hat Container Registry (registry.redhat.io)/lRed Hat Ecosystem Catalog Container images registry

Note: registry.redhat.io had a name change to Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog.

> [id="security-container-signature"]

Reviewer 2: Make sure the top of the assembly fits the requirements here: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/master/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#assembly-file-metadata

= Container image signatures

> Red Hat delivers signatures for the images in the Red Hat Container Registries. Those signatures can be automatically verified when being pulled to {product-title} 4 clusters using the Machine Config Operator (MCO).

Reviewer 3: _signatures can be verified_ or _are verified_? If the verification is optional or manual, is there a link you can add here about doing the verification? 
s/using/by using

> link:https://quay.io/[Quay.io] serves most of the images that comprise {product-title}, and only the release image is signed. Release images refer to the approved {product-title} images, offering a degree of protection against supply chain attacks. However, some extensions to {product-title} such as logging, monitoring, and service mesh are shipped as Operators from the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM). Those images ship from the link:https://catalog.redhat.com/software/containers/explore[Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog Container images] registry.

Reviewer 2: ISG recommends against "comprise" due to the frequency with which it's misunderstood, though it's not a rule.

Suggestion, assuming I'm understanding this right:

```suggestion
link:https://quay.io/[Quay.io] serves most of the images that make up {product-title}, and only the release image is signed. Release images refer to the approved {product-title} images, offering a degree of protection against supply chain attacks. However, some extensions to {product-title}, such as logging, monitoring, and service mesh, are shipped as Operators from the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM). Those images ship from the link:https://catalog.redhat.com/software/containers/explore[Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog Container images] registry.
```

> Most of the images that comprise {product-title} are shipped from link:https://quay.io/[Quay.io], and only the release image is signed. Release images refer to the approved {product-title} images, offering a degree of protection against supply chain attacks. However, some extensions to {product-title} such as logging, monitoring, and service mesh are shipped as Operators from the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM). Those images ship from the link:https://catalog.redhat.com/software/containers/explore[Red Hat Ecosystem Catalog Container images] registry.

Reviewer 3: Not sure about _shipped_. Makes me think they are coming via FedEx. ;-)
I am not expert with images, but I see _[serves](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.7/architecture/architecture.html#architecture-key-features_architecture)_ used frequently with images from quay. 
_are served by_ ?
_Quay.io serves most of the images that comprise..._?

To verify the integrity of those images between Red Hat registries and your infrastructure, enable signature verification.

//Enabling Signature Verification in OCP
include::modules/containers-signature-verify-enable.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//Verifying that the enable signature verification is active
include::modules/containers-signature-verify-application.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> .Additional resources

Reviewer 2: "Additional resources" doesn't use the module style in assemblies. See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/master/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#anchoring-prerequisites-additional-resources-and-next-steps-titles-in-assemblies and the section that immediately follows it.

> * xref:../../post_installation_configuration/machine-configuration-tasks.html#machine-config-overview-post-install-machine-configuration-tasks[Machine Config Overview]

Reviewer 2: xrefs need to use `.adoc` rather than `.html`
